Add Reolink troubleshooting step (#27751)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/reolink.markdown

- Ensure at least one of the HTTP/HTTPS ports is enabled in the [windows](https://reolink.com/software-and-manual/)/web client under `Settings`->`Network`->`Advanced`->`Port Settings`, see [additional instructions](https://support.reolink.com/hc/en-us/articles/900004435763-How-to-Set-up-Reolink-Ports-Settings-via-Reolink-Client-New-Client-) on the Reolink site.
- On some camera models, the RTMP port needs to be enabled in order for the HTTP(S) port to function properly. Make sure this port is also enabled if you get a `Cannot connect to host` error while one of the HTTP/HTTPS ports is already enabled.
- Setting a static IP address for Reolink cameras/NVRs in your router is advisable to prevent (temporal) connectivity issues when the IP address changes.

> - Do not set a a static IP in the Reolink device itself, but leave the **Connection Type** on **DHCP** under **Settings** -> **Network** -> **Network Information** -> **Set Up**. If you set is to **static** on the Reolink device itself, this is know to cause incorrect DHCP requests on the network causing Home Assistant to use the wrong IP address for the camera, resulting in connection issues. This originates from the Reolink firmware which keeps sending DCHP requests even when you set a static IP address in the Reolink device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Do not set a static IP in the Reolink device itself, but leave the **Connection Type** on **DHCP** under **Settings** > **Network** > **Network Information** > **Set Up**. If you set it to **static** on the Reolink device itself, this is known to cause incorrect DHCP requests on the network. The incorrect DHCP request causes Home Assistant to use the wrong IP address for the camera, resulting in connection issues. The issue originates from the Reolink firmware, which keeps sending DCHP requests even when you set a static IP address in the Reolink device.
```
